Clarify _(working title)_
=========================


## Value Proposition
Helping people feeling stuck take a directed and meaningful step forward, towards a life where waking up in the morning brings excitement about what can be created that day.  

## Market Need
While so many facets of life generally are better than ever before (greater wealth, less poverty, less war and famine) people by and large are unhappier, more listless, and feeling more unfulfilled than ever before.

While there is a greater choice and opportunity than ever before and more ways to connect with people than ever before, people are suffering broadly from a deficit of meaning in their lives.

## The Solution
Clarify is a short 10 day program of empowering, expanding, and "clarifying" exercises, all thematically linked and designed to help you create a pattern of meaningful next-steps in your life. 

Built upon the premise that meaning is generated by making a connection between two points, Clarify focuses in on the two points of *where you are* and *where you're headed*.  However, meaning generated from any connection can either be empowering or limiting.  Furthermore, to know where you are truly, it is essential to have a sense of *where you have come from*.  

Therefore, Clarify is built with a past->future-> present model, beginning with creating empowering meaning from your past, followed by clarifying a vision of your future, and finishing with introducing tools that begin building momentum in your present.


## Competition
While so many of us are desperately searching for some sense of meaning in our lives, Clarify works with the notion that we are truly not that far from it.  Though it is often seen as a rare concept one must have especially good fortune to catch, we believe  that it is more akin to something hidden right under our noses.   Seen from this perspective, meaning may be somewhat pedestrian but in turn it is far more accessible.

Many tools look to "transform" people, changing them in some fundamental way away from who they are.  But we can never escape ourselves, and so Clarify takes a different approach.  Working with the notion that we are nearly always not far off from where we want to be (which is simply on "track" to where we'd like to go), Clarify utilizes the quite basic but incredibly powerful process of "meaning generation" or connecting intention to vision through action.

## Key Concepts

### Meaning
We're all searching for it, truly.

### Momentum
Bit by little bit.

While it may not exactly feel like it, you've already been building up a lot of momentum.  And it's quite a lot easier to shift course a little bit than have to bring down all your momentum to stop and then completely change direction.

### Dharma - the way - the journey over the destination

### Reorientation
You are a lot closer than you probably think.  You're most likely not miles off course from where you'd like to be.  To be clear, whatever vague vision you have in mind of where you'd like to get to is not our goal.  We're not going to use that target as a barometer of success whether or not we reach it.  We're simply going to use it as a target to point our energies forward towards.
